Updates form to Powergate signup. (#426)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/store/lotus/store-data.md

```

::: callout

> If you want to use these miners please [fill in this Google form](https://blog.textile.io/hosted-powergate//f5Vd5kTNYTKrmj1D8) including information from our daemon (`lotus wallet list` and `lotus net id`). You will be contacted via Slack/email when your Lotus Node has been whitelisted.

Reviewer: I think this form doesn't need to be changed, just the first one!

Author: Cool beans! I'll take it out.

> If you want to use these miners please [fill in this Google form](https://blog.textile.io/hosted-powergate//f5Vd5kTNYTKrmj1D8) including information from our daemon (`lotus wallet list` and `lotus net id`). You will be contacted via Slack/email when your Lotus Node has been whitelisted.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to use these miners please [fill in this Google form](https://forms.gle/f5Vd5kTNYTKrmj1D8) including information from our daemon (`lotus wallet list` and `lotus net id`). You will be contacted via Slack/email when your Lotus Node has been whitelisted.
```
